[16.0][ADD] sale_order_country_allowed_product: Restrict products by country in sales (#3599)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_order_country_allowed_product/readme/USAGE.rst

> Users in "Ignore products sale countries" group will be able to select all the salable products in sale order lines, ev en those that are not available in the country of the shipping address. Users who do not belong to that group, will only be able to select the products available in the country of the shipping address. Products with the "Sale Allowed Countries" field empty are considered to be available in all countries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users in "Ignore products sale countries" group will be able to select all the salable products in sale order lines, even those that are not available in the country of the shipping address. Users who do not belong to that group, will only be able to select the products available in the country of the shipping address. Products with the "Sale Allowed Countries" field empty are considered to be available in all countries.
```
